			    October 31, 2075

My dearest Sophie,

Several years ago, the village solar array suffered a catastrophic failure.  I can’t say I was caught off guard.  There was usually some sort of problem with the solar panels.  A frayed wire here, a melted circuit there.  But whenever we lost power, some clever engineer would rig up some hack of a solution that kept things running as normal.  Obviously we would have preferred to make proper repairs, but that would have required parts that we didn’t have.  So we stretched, and stretched, and stretched everything far as it could go.  Maybe in the back of my head, I thought that this could continue forever, that our collective ingenuity and resourcefulness could somehow beat the march of entropy.  Nobody wants to believe in the fragility of the status quo.

There was a trade outpost three days away where we could trade for the electronics we needed.  It was a dangerous trek (bandits, heatstroke, wildlife), but ultimately an essential one, so I embarked with a group of four other travelers.  On the second night of our travels, the nipping wind that had thus far been omnipresent finally subsisted, and in its wake was a silence that nobody dared break.  The rocks and sand had gradually dwindled and we approached a forest of stark, skinny trees.  Moonlight reflected off the bleached bark, illuminating the heaps of dried wood that carpeted that forest floor.  What must have been generations of trees were piled together in a thorny mass that reached high above the forest floor.  We were surrounded by unprocessed death.

Drew, the village botanist who traveled with us to see if he could barter for exotic seeds, pointed out the stark absence of fungi in this forest.  He explained how after these trees died, there was nothing to break down the remains, so they’d just pile up like waste in a blocked intestine.  The past piled up for all to see, but for none to process.  

The more I return to my childhood, the more this bone white forest dominates my mind.  Pleasant memories have been stacked high, tangling together.  Indigestible.  I worry that I am haunted.

Sincerely, 
Grandfather Ryan
